[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>NARRATOR: Arcturus
is a star system
located 37 light
years from Earth
and is home to many
planetary bodies
larger and older than
our own solar system.
It is the fourth brightest
star in the Northern Hemisphere
and can be found in the
constellation Bootes,
by following the handle
of the Big Dipper.
Edgar Cayce, a renowned
occultist and teacher,
considered the Arcturians to be
one of the most advanced races
in the universe.
From influencing
ancient cultures
to advancing technology
on Earth today, it
is said that the
Arcturians believe
in a higher state
of being and have
mastered many aspects
of today's modern age
metaphysical beliefs.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: The
Arcturians are an advanced race
that actually have come to
help humanity at this time.
They're known to be in ancient
cultures, the shepherding
mechanism for humanity.
>>SARAH BRESKMAN
COSME: From what
I've learned through
clients deep under hypnosis,
the Arcturians are living
on a planet full of light.
They often show themselves
with very large, dark eyes
with no pupils.
They're about 7 feet
tall, and they have
five fingers and five toes.
They appear to look bluish.
Their skin looks icy, but
it's actually very warm,
and they often show themselves
with a very small nose
and a very small mouth,
and the reason being
is that they have evolved
past the need to eat.
They communicate
with their thoughts
into the minds of humans in
a very non-threatening, very
loving manner.
The Arcturians are
extremely compassionate
and all knowing
and full of love,
and they are here to
help us in our ascension.
>>KAEDRICH OLSEN: If you were
to encounter an Arcturian,
you would notice it's not
very emotional at all.
It's all pure logic,
and that's something
that they intentionally
created for themselves.
Over the past
thousands generations,
thousands of years,
they have worked
to remove the emotional
element, the emotional aspects
of their being so
that they can be
more straight-up,
straightforward logical, which
makes that a little
difficult for them
to understand and relate to
humans and our current world,
our current society.
And that's become one of
the most difficult impasses
between our cultures.
And even though they might
be a logical sort of entity,
they still have this
higher agape type of love
that helps them to connect
and coexist and ensure
the continuation of species
that need their help
and development.
>> Neuroscientist,
Dr. Lana Morrow,
attributes many of her medical
patents and technologies used
to heal brain trauma injuries
from her direct contact
experiences with the Arcturians.
Specifically, she interacts
with a male named He.
>>LANA MORROW: So my first
memories of the Arcturian
nation was actually me in a very
small incubator as a newborn,
and these memories
appeared later
on when I was probably
like four or five,
I became conscious of them.
He has small mouth, small nose.
He communicates telepathically.
He doesn't really use language,
but he's mostly telepathic.
Their cranium is a little bit
bigger than ours, not too much,
and He is very smart, very
elegant in his demeanor,
very respectful.
At first, it was all around
sparks and presenting himself
as energetic field.
As we got to know each other,
He was very capable and generous
in his spirit to shift his
frequency into lower density,
gently come down to my level.
He now is appearing
almost tangible.
In fact, I touched his skin.
I touched the suit, and it
felt like a gel-like substance.
Personally, what I subscribe
to is that we don't really
need to label densities, because
I don't even to what degree
this is precise.
I think it's easier to say
that we all have the capacity
to shift our frequencies.
>>NARRATOR: Another
extraterrestrial contactee
is Debbie Solaris,
whose experiences
have offered her
profound insights
into our galactic history,
including the Arcturians, who
have been described in many
different humanoid forms.
>>DEBBIE SOLARIS:
Some Arcturians
have a commonality
in their appearance.
They tend to have larger
heads, larger eyes.
Their eyes usually
have irises and pupils,
so they're not like
grey alien eyes.
They have a specific
humanoid look about them.
Their skin was a
bluish green color,
although a lot of
times, that might
be hard to look at if you're
looking at their auric fields
because they have huge auras,
a lot of colors in their auras.
But for the most part,
they're smaller beings.
They may be 5 feet tall
or less than 5 feet.
A lot of Arcturians
are healers, so they
trained in the crystal
healing temples of Patola.
A lot of Arcturians
work with technology.
A lot of them are mediators.
They're masters at psychology.
They're masters of integrating
spirituality and technology.
I see a lot of Arcturians that
have excellent communication
skills, because they were
ambassadors and guides, often
to many different
star systems, so they
had to develop these abilities.
They do have family
groups, but they
don't reproduce in the same
way that Earth humans do.
You have to be of a certain
vibration on Arcturus
to have children.
Arcturians will oftentimes
do an energy meld.
Only the highest level
beings could teach children,
because they knew they were
developing future beings that
were going to have an impact
on many different star systems.
Arcturians do not eat.
They ingest the light liquid
energy to sustain themselves.
They might sleep for
two hours a night.
They don't really need that
much sleep in the same way
humans do.
They go through periods where
they go through meditation
and contemplation,
so that's also
very important to the
Arcturian culture.
I do see why Edgar Cayce
called them the most advanced
civilization on the Galaxy.
>>OLSEN: So it's
said that these are
Arcturians can live to be
about 400 or 500 years old.
That's a long time
compared to humans,
but when we look at their
biological cycle, what we see
is that they self-replicate like
a self-cloning type technique.
You see, when their body
gets to be a little too old
or if their body gets
severely damaged,
one way or another,
a new being will
form inside a pouch,
a lot like a marsupial
like we know of kangaroos, where
a baby forms inside the pouch,
but this is an identical
clone of the adult.
And as this baby develops,
it grows, as to be expected.
When it finally comes out of
this pouch, the consciousness,
the soul, the memories,
the identity of the adult
is transferred into the
baby, and that baby now
becomes a new version
of that same person.
It really is that same person
being reborn into a new form.
But because the original
body or that current body
no longer has that soul, no
longer has a consciousness,
there's nothing to
keep those cells alive,
so that body will just
drift off and die,
as it lives on as a new being.
Information about the Arcturians
has been pretty sparse,
but what we've been able
to glean from the research
is that there are three
major distinct species,
the Dieslentiplex, the
Devonian, and the Korendians.
They are three distinct
species, but they
do have a common origin.
Now, when we look at these
three Arthurian species,
we find that they are all
very connected telepathically.
They're connected
so strongly that it
can seem like they are all
part of one collective mind.
>>NARRATOR: Another
perspective about Arcturians
comes from Matias De Stefano.
Since early childhood,
Matias has had unique access
to many incarnations
spanning thousands of years
throughout many star systems.
>>MATIAS DE STEFANO:
The Arcturians
look very much like us,
bluish color, but very human.
Let's say, if you
want to picture
a whole planet of
Arcturians, maybe you
need to go to Scandinavia and
think that the whole planet is
like that.
That's the kind
of people you will
find, with the bluish
color of their skin
and very clear blue eyes,
but not like our blue,
like more shiny.
Just a few of them come to this
world and are in touch with us.
Most of the beings,
they don't travel
through the third
dimension, they
travel through the
fourth dimension,
that's why they don't look
three dimensional when
they come here.
It's like if they are
from another dimension.
Actually, in their
worlds, they are like us.
The Arcturians are part of
the Galactic Confederation.
They are the ones communicating
the process of each planet
to the main parliament,
so they travel
all along the system
collecting proofs and talking
to the beings in the planets.
So they are very active
members of the Confederation.
>> Within this Federation are
many working relationships.
One of them is reflected in
the ship-building connection
between our Arcturians
and the Andromedans.
>>OLSEN: Because of their
technological prowess
for building large
ships, the Arcturians
work with the Andromedans to
create their large biosphere
ships in the Arcturian system.
And the main reason
for this also
is because the Andromedans no
longer have a homeworld, being
a completely nomadic species.
>>NARRATOR:
Extraterrestrial contacts
with the Arcturians, as well as
many of the Galactic Federation
members, can range from
three-dimensional experiences
to interdimensional beings,
who communicate from higher
densities and dimensions.
>>CAROLINE CORY: To me, it seems
that the Arcturians are dealing
more with the individual,
as opposed to government
organizations or groups.
And they seem to be assisting
the individual with technology,
with engineering,
with information
that's going to move the
human technology forward.
So why would they attract
one person and not the other?
It is because of their lineage.
We think that everybody
should be communicating
with the same type of species,
but it doesn't work this way.
You are here in a
human body, but you
came from a spirit family.
You have a lineage that goes
beyond the human, which,
for some people, is Arcturian.
>>NARRATOR: In his book,
"The Keys of Enoch,"
JJ Hurtak downloads information
from his cosmic contact
to prepare humankind for
the quantum leap forward
and communication
with the worlds
of higher evolutionary
intelligences,
specifically, from
the Arcturians.
This sense of
mission and purpose
has been reported by
many people, inspired
by their Arcturian contacts in
the areas of science, medicine,
and spirituality.
>>JJ HURTAK: In my experience
with the ultraterrestrial form,
not the extraterrestrial,
but the ultraterrestrial,
the nonphysical physical,
a facial profile
in an energized form of
light or super aluminum light
manifested long
enough for me to see
the details of a beautiful
face glowing with light.
That face was then speaking
to me telepathically.
I was energized to be taken
off the planet momentarily
into another
dimension, where I saw
beings that took on
a physical dimension,
albeit the human-like form,
a beautiful face surrounded
by light, showing the
consistency of what we will
call the adamically human form,
but the ultraterrestrial form.
In that process of
receiving the communication,
I was shown a plethora of
different biological categories
of ET, as well as UT
consciousness life forms.
When I returned to the
physical, three dimensional,
I was, thus, able to
write down, by virtue
of the information
put into my mind, what
I felt to be the accurate
report of these other categories
that we as humans would
ultimately make contact
with in the physical
planetary sense of being
quote unquote, "future humans."
>>CORY: You will find that
this particular human all
of a sudden starts to
download scientific formulas,
even though they
are not a scientist,
or they have some sort of
major technological discovery,
even though they weren't
necessarily looking for it.
So that's interesting.
How did that happen?
It's usually through
these downloads,
usually through
these interactions
with their lineage, which
is the Arcturian lineage.
>>MORROW: I'm being guided
by He to create devices
that will effortlessly
transform our energetic field
and enable us to heal rapidly.
That facilitation is being
helped by Arcturians.
With He, I think
he's a facilitator
and almost like a teacher to
me, not almost, he is a teacher.
And he facilitates, almost
like a high-level engineer,
tells me where to go
and what to look for.
I just receive that knowledge
from him and then I go back
and I ask questions.
For example, I'll read
some of their patents,
I'll read 10 articles.
I'll underline, them
I'll combine them
into three pages of
material bullet points,
and then with those notes,
I'll travel the next day
and say, what do
you think of that,
just like I would ask you what
do you think of my feedback
here.
I do know that He is
an excellent teacher,
and I can come back
and ask and it's given.
He clarifies a lot of things.
>>NARRATOR: In order for Dr.
Morrow to receive feedback,
she interacts with her Arcturian
associate, He, on his ship.
>>MORROW: So I would find myself
at that platform in space, very
peaceful, small, like Starship.
And He is about my height,
slender, very slender.
His arms are long.
He has larger eyes,
but very pleasant eyes.
Everything about him is bluish
and sometimes a hue of green.
He appears to have this gel-like
substance on his body and not
clothing like we do.
So I was very curious to see
whether this is his body that
is made of that or is it
that he's wearing something,
and he confirmed that
it's a smart suit.
He feels his physiology
or his frequency,
and it's almost
like it can be used
as a map, because he's
co-creating new technology
or governing his ships on
photovoltaic energy, photons.
And he made it clear
that we are here
to have a mission of helping
humanity right now to transit
to the next level.
And that mission was
clear to me for many years
since I was a child.
>>HURTAK: With the Arcturians,
represents the category
of adamics or humans like
ourselves, more advanced
who operate what is
called the Keys of Enoch,
a midway station or position
between the human race
and the higher evolution,
the cosmic races.
They are the ones who
provide the information
necessary for cosmic
change and adoption.
And so when I published the
"Keys of Enoch," speaking
about Arcturus as
a midway station,
my information, because I was
a scholar, was shall we say,
herded in other
parts of academia.
And to my surprise, a member
of the British Parliament,
Sir John Whitmore, came
all the way from England
to see me in California,
who was using this word
Arcturus as a midway
station or place
of extraterrestrial
communication.
So he had heard from inner
circles in England and Scotland
the fact that there
might be some probability
that of all of the
celestial sources,
Arcturus would be one that
would be very special.
As it is said in
Key 201, Arcturus
is to be heard and understood
as one of the living
sons of light, which
means we are offspring
of a divine source, and
they, the Arcturians,
represents intelligent
life similar to that
of Mother Earth,
willing to help us
if we're willing
to listen and do
more than simply look at the
graphs of radio astronomy.
To realize there's a
spiritual, psychological part
of the human apparatus
that makes each of us
a biological antenna.
Well, we don't need
radio astronomy,
we can hear and receive
direct information and work
upon that information
in the advancement
of the human society.
>>DE STEFANO:
Arcturians are mainly
the ones that came to our worlds
to find the genetic codes that
would match with the
vibration of the people
in the Confederation.
From our point of view,
they were the scientists
that were going in
planet to planet
to figure out how to match
the vibration of some codes
in the DNA of their
worlds with ours.
And they would guide how
humans or any other being that
are in the process of evolution
would match their vibration.
That's why we have
Arcturians sharing
how to meditate, how
to raise our vibration,
how to use the crystals.
They used to put certain
tools in the planet
to hold the balance
into some vibrations,
so we could keep that
information within.
>>SOLARIS: Arcturus is
one of two major star
gates in our galaxy, the
first one being Antares, which
is the portal that transports
souls from Andromeda
galaxy to the Milky
Way, and the other one
is Arcturus, which
is the stargate that
transports souls from death
to their next incarnation.
So Arcturian beings had
a huge responsibility
of helping these souls to
process through their life
reviews, helping
them to formulate
new directions and new
lessons that they wanted
to learn in their
next incarnation,
helping them to maybe have an
overview of what they did well
or what they didn't do so
well, and how they can maybe
transcend those lessons
in the next lifetime,
and even helping them to choose
what that lifetime might be,
whether it be on planet
Earth or someplace else.
So because of this,
Arcturians have
pretty much a direct connection
with the Akashic Records,
because they need to
utilize the records in order
to look at these souls or its
life journeys or life review
and see what was going
to be their next journey.
>>NARRATOR: The
Arcturians are a race
of multidimensional
extraterrestrials,
helping to heal our
planet and raise
its vibrational frequency.
As extremely advanced, very
loving and peaceful beings,
it is said that
the Arcturians are
ready to communicate and
work with any soul who
aspires to journey
with them to a higher
level of consciousness.
>>HURTAK: We're going
to find when we get out
in space that
there's going to be
some strange beings out
there, but there's also
going to be us, and we're going
to see ourselves face to face.
And it's not us in the future.
A lot of people want to
say it's us in the future.
It's our cosmic cousins.
It's those who have lived
in space in a much more
peaceful understanding of life,
and now, they are giving us
the information we need.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
The Arcturians are
important to understand because
they have evolved themselves
over the millennia and
have achieved the highest
level, through the understanding
collectively that they
are source, and that is
what we're each here to do.
We're each here to
understand this.
And as we do so, we
evolve our consciousness.
>>MORROW: There is a need in
this time to advance humanity.
We all are talking
about ascension process.
We're transforming
the human race.
The uniqueness of
this process right
now is that this
time we'll make it.
>>OLSEN: It's important to note
that the Arcturians are here
to assist humans in transcending
our 3D reality by teaching us
how we can raise our
vibrational frequencies.
Most of the time, these
are Arcturians exist
in a 5D reality, but they
can manifest physically
in our 3D reality.
Consequently, their
mission on Earth
is to help educate us in
raising our consciousness
and integrating our lives
into a 5D existence.
>>SOLARIS: The ascension
process is personal, but also
collective in the
sense that a lot of us
are going to be going through
our own personal ascension
process from the third to the
fourth to the fifth dimensions,
but then there's going to be
a collective ascension, where
all of a sudden, all
of Earth is going
to be in the fifth dimension,
and the third dimension
will no longer exist.
So that was the image that
the Arcturians showed me.
>>DE STEFANO: Every
culture around the planet
has these images of blue
gods, blue people that
came from the skies, and they
taught everything to humanity.
So you have in
the old traditions
of the Vedic cultures in India,
in Egypt, Mexico, everywhere,
you have this idea
of blue beings
that came from the skies.
Arcturians are actually
the main beings
that help humanity evolve.
All our history and
humanity is directly related
to Arcturians much more than any
other species in the Galactic
Confederation.
They were the
mothers and fathers
of our culture,
our civilization.
They basically shaped the idea
of who we are and taught us
how to find ourselves within.
So that's why we had them
as our gods and guides
throughout history.
>>HURTAK: In essence,
we were being
given a tremendous opportunity
through thousands and thousands
of ascended beings, or
celestial beings, to wake up
and to realize that the drama of
changing our physical garments
is now taking place.
Perhaps with the end
of this generation,
we will see individuals who
can go from the third dimension
to fifth dimensional mind and
bring back scientific knowledge
to help the human race and
help the human race not
be shocked by going into
the Galactic Federation,
but say no big thing.
This is what, ultimately,
this evolutionary brainstem
leads to.
It leads to the higher mind,
a higher spiritual purpose,
or higher psychic phenomena, and
when we put all this together,
we emerge as homo universalis,
universal-thinking individuals.
>>NARRATOR: Both
researchers and experiencers
agree, a shift in
consciousness is upon us.
With their advanced
understanding
of the universe and
human potential,
the Arcturians are here,
not only to assist us
in navigating this
transformative period,
but also, to inspire us to
reach our collective evolution.
Join us on the
next episode, when
we explore the Sirian species
and their impact on humankind.
[MUSIC PLAYING]